What's the matter with me? Smoothie
Is the haircut gone?
What's wrong, drizzle?
Is that so?
Your experts and I came together to jointly build a construction and development project, and now the capital chain is broken.
If the group can join you, then
I'm sure you won't compensate him yet.
Then what's the use of you telling me
You should go and borrow Yinchuan with your intention
This business thing
Don't talk about it
If you can't catch up, it's your personal connections.
Mrs. Liu accounts for 35% of the technology group.
What do you want for him?
Isn't it more direct for us to cooperate and find our own singing?
Wouldn't he have done anything illegal here?
Xiaoyu, what are you talking about?
How could we possibly do something like that?
Xiaoyu, no matter what, your Qin family is also participating in this filial son
As the daughter of the Qin family, you can't watch the Qin family go bankrupt due to lack of English funds
Qin Xiaoxuan is also a girl of the Qin family
Her parents adored her so much
Let her show that she didn't make it?
Hey
You got the card too.
Good.
Ok I got it I got it
Ask me Xiaoxuan has solved it
At first glance, Xiaoxuan is still filial
Not like Wu Yifan
Ouch, dear.
Dad came to you to find you some money